---
title: Apply!
author: maksim
date: 2024-07-04
categories: [Application]
tags: [apply, tutorial, preliminaries]
---


Hello there,

👀 If you're an early career researcher — PhD student, postdoc, or advanced master's student — join us for a hands-on five-day workshop focused on Large Language Models in Social Sciences happening **23-27 September**. This is your chance to dive deep into NLP and expand your research horizons!

## Eligibility
Participation is restricted to postgraduate students, including masters, doctoral and early career researchers (within 3 years of PhD completion). We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and fields of study within social sciences.

> We strongly encourage applications from those identifying with underrepresented groups in academia, NLP, and tech.
{: .prompt-tip }

We are expecting to invite about 30 participants. You will be expected to fully attend, participate and engage in the entire workshop program. 

> We are offering ten scholarships of up to 400£ to reimburse travel and subsistence expenses (including accommodation) to participants travelling from outside of Oxford[^footnote]
{: .prompt-tip }

Interested? Apply here [**link**](https://forms.gle/BVYmKGhepGE9Y5HT6). 💼 Don't forget to include your CV and a brief statement of interest.  
> Hurry, applications close on `22 July 2024` ⏰
{: .prompt-warning }

We will notify all applicants on the application outcome on Tuesday `01 Aug 2023`.

Let's explore the world of large language models together! 🎉

[^footnote]: We might provide additional travel grants if additional funding becomes available. All grant recipients will be notified together with the main notification on participation application.   
